Import guides (#42)
fivetran/terraform-provider-fivetran: docs/resources/destination.md

- `tunnel_port` 
- `tunnel_user` 
- `user` 

## Import

> To import an existing `fivetran_destination` resource into your Terraform state, you need to get **Destination Group ID** on the destination page in your Fivetran dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To import an existing `fivetran_destination` resource into your Terraform state, you need to get **Destination Group ID** on the destination page in your Fivetran dashboard.
```

To retrieve existing groups, use the [fivetran_groups data source](/docs/data-sources/groups).

> 1. Define an empty resource in your `.tf` configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Define an empty resource in your `.tf` configuration:
```

```hcl
resource "fivetran_destination" "my_imported_destination" {

}
```

> 2. Call the `terraform import` command with the following parameters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Call the `terraform import` command with the following parameters:
```

> 3. Call the `terraform import` command with the following parameters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Run the `terraform import` command with the following parameters:
```

```
terraform import fivetran_destination.my_imported_destination <your Destination Group ID>
```

> 1. Copy and paste destination properties from the state to your `.tf` configuration, use the `terraform state show` command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Copy and paste destination properties from the state to your `.tf` configuration, use the `terraform state show` command:
```

> 3. Copy and paste destination properties from the state to your `.tf` configuration, use the `terraform state show` command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Copy and paste destination properties from the state to your `.tf` configuration, use the `terraform state show` command:
```

> 4. Copy and paste destination properties from the state to your `.tf` configuration, use the `terraform state show` command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Copy and paste destination properties from the state to your `.tf` configuration using the `terraform state show` command:
```

> 4. Copy and paste destination properties from the state to your `.tf` configuration using the `terraform state show` command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Use the `terraform state show` command to get the values from the state:
```

```
terraform state show 'fivetran_destination.my_imported_destination'
```

> 5. Copy the values and paste them to your `.tf` configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Copy the values and paste them to your `.tf` configuration.

```

- `tunnel_port` 
- `tunnel_user` 
- `user` 

## Import

> To import an existing `fivetran_destination` resource into your terraform state you need to get `Destination Group ID` on the `Destination` page at the Fivetran Dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To import an existing `fivetran_destination` resource into your Terraform state, you need to get **Destination Group ID** on the destination page in your Fivetran dashboard.
```

> To retrieve existing groups use [Data Source: fivetran_groups](/docs/data-sources/groups).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To retrieve existing groups, use the [fivetran_groups data source](/docs/data-sources/groups).
```

> Then define an empty resource in your .tf configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Define an empty resource in your `.tf` configuration:
```

```hcl
resource "fivetran_destination" "my_imported_destination" {

}
```

> And call `terraform import` command with the following parameters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Call the `terraform import` command with the following parameters:
```

```
terraform import fivetran_destination.my_imported_destination <your Destination Group ID>
```

> Then copy-paste destination properties from the state to your .tf config, use `terraform state show`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Copy and paste destination properties from the state to your `.tf` configuration, use the `terraform state show` command:
```

```
terraform state show 'fivetran_destination.my_imported_destination'
```

> -> You need to get rid of redundant `config` properties that doesn't related to particular destination type - 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-> The `config` object in the state contains all properties defined in the schema. You need to remove properties from the `config` that are not related to destinations. See the [Fivetran REST API documentation](https://fivetran.com/docs/rest-api/destinations/config) for reference to find the properties you need to keep in the `config` section.
```

> `config` in state contains all properties defined in schema, but you actually don't need to keep them all. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
